(playing
"What a Wonderful World")
♪ ♪
♪ I see trees of green ♪
♪ Red roses, too ♪
♪ I see them bloom ♪
♪ For me and you ♪
♪ And I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ I see skies of blue ♪
♪ Clouds of white ♪
♪ That bright, blessed day ♪
♪ And the dark, sacred night ♪
♪ And I think to myself ♪
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
♪ The colors of the rainbow ♪
♪ So pretty in the sky ♪
♪ Are also on the faces ♪
♪ Of people going by ♪
♪ I see friends shaking hands ♪
♪ Saying ♪
How do we recreate
the Unity Bowl?
♪ "How do you do?" ♪
♪ They're really saying ♪
Exemplum recrea.
♪ "I love you" ♪
ALL:
Exemplum recrea.
♪ I hear babies cry ♪
♪ Watch them grow ♪
Exemplum recrea.
♪ They'll learn much more ♪
♪ That I'll ever know... ♪
Tonight we finally
break the curse.
Tonight
the Lost One will rise again!
♪ What a wonderful world ♪
(all clamoring)
♪ Yes, I think to myself ♪
(muffled screaming)
♪ What a wonderful ♪
♪ World. ♪
♪ ♪
(sighs) Where's Josefina
when you need her?
She knew exactly what to say
after Macy died.
She must've been running late.
It's okay. We got this.
Hey.
MAGGIE: I'm sure you're feeling
a million emotions right now.
All I can say is...
we're here for you,
and we get it.
Losing someone is never easy.
Yeah, it is, actually,
if you don't get too close,
but I slipped.
I let this guy in,
and now he's gone, so...
Believe me, we understand.
I don't think
we're ever gonna get over
what happened to Macy...
but time has a way...
Look, I really appreciate
the whole sisterly concern,
but I just,
I-I can't right now, okay?
I got to go.
(groans) Can you just
give me some space, please?
I'm sorry.
I wish we could just
curl up on the couch
and cry together,
but we can't.
Not while the Unseen have
The Book of Shadows.
The Unseen?
You're seriously gonna
bring that up right now?
I know it's not easy,
but this is the job--
we're the Charmed Ones.
No. You're the Charmed Ones.
I'm not even
your biological sister.
You are our sister.
Biological and chosen.
I didn't choose any of this.
HARRY:
You know, there are better ways
to ask a person for help.
I tried reasoning with you.
You hit me over the head
with a flashlight.
I took the batteries out.
Oh, you're a true humanitarian.
(grunts)
Peace offering?
No.
I don't want your discount brand
candy choices.
I want you to stop lying to me.
I know the face of every
Whitelighter who's ever lived,
but I've never seen
yours before.
Because you and I are
from different worlds.
Okay.
Start talking.
I'm Diana.
Where I'm from,
there's a Charmed One
with incredible
powers of premonition.
Maggie Vera?
No.
Someone else entirely.
15 years ago,
she used her powers
to create this space,
recording every possible version
of your world's history,
right here, on these tapes.
(scoffs)
You're telling me this witch had
the power to do all that,
and she put them on VHS?
I don't make the rules.
I don't know, maybe
time magic isn't compatible
with digital file format.
The point is, for some reason,
she knew that our world and
yours were connected somehow,
and that these tapes
would be important.
Why on earth would
a Charmed One from your world
do all this for our world?
That's what I'm trying
to figure out.
I take it
you've watched everything?
More times than you can imagine.
And all I know is,
the connection--
it has something to do
with you and your Charmed Ones
and the Day of the Fall.
That's why I need
your help.
(grunts)
No.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry, Diana,
but I've got to go
help my friends.
And this place, it's all
too absurd, even for me.
No! No. No.
(giggling)
(muffled grunting)
Chloe?
(mouthful):
Oh! Jordan! Mm!
Oh.
You have to try these.
They're amazeballs.
(chuckles) I-- O-Oh.
Mmm, wow.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mmm. (chuckles) Excuse us.
Chloe.
(mouthful): Thank you.
What are you doing here?
(gasps) Oh!
It's my sister Daphne.
She's gone missing.
Maggie and the others are still
at a friend's memorial.
I'm not here for the Ones
who are Charmed.
I came here to find you.
You're the Whitelighter
for the rest of us.
Remember?
(chuckles)
Uh-huh.
Okay.
(chuckles)
Tell me about Daphne.
I didn't know you had
another sister.
I woke up this morning
to the strangest note from her.
Strange? How?
There was no joy or whimsy.
It was just ranting,
and she was saying
the oddest things
about our sister Annie
coming back from the dead.
Can I see it?
Yes.
Oh.
"We can bring Annie back."
"A savior is coming."
"The Lost One chose me."
What is it?
Is she in danger?
I need to show this to Maggie.
Right away.
(ticks)
Knock, knock.
(gasps)
Oh, I'm sorry, did I scare you?
No, I-I just...
uh, have a lot on my mind.
Dev?
No, it's not that. I mean...
I will miss him, but...
we've got this house band.
Oh, the Bee Bops.
Got to love a band
the size of fleas that can play
any song on the planet.
Well, they haven't missed a show
in a century,
but I checked their cage
and they're not here.
You think something happened?
I don't know,
but I have to find them.
I need to make sure they're okay
before....
Before what?
(footfalls approaching)
Mel, we got to go.
(sighs):
Uh...
Right now?
Yeah, Jordan has a lead
on the Lost One.
What kind of a lead?
He's not sure yet.
Look, maybe you can handle
this one on your own,
at least till you know
what it really means.
Mel, this could have something
to do with our book.
Or it could be a dead end.
Or it could be
the end of the world.
Maybe,
but it's that kind of obsession
with saving the world that
blew up my last relationship,
and I refuse to do that again.
So, you're seriously
picking her?
I am not "picking" anyone.
And how am I supposed to know
this isn't some wild-goose chase
because you are so desperate
to figure out
where you and Jordan stand?
I know where
me and Jordan stand.
You guys had sex, like,
four times the other day
and still haven't
talked about it.
Wow. Okay.
You have fun
with your new girlfriend.
I'm gonna find Kaela
and save some lives.
(scoffs)
Kaela, I know you're upset,
but I really need your...
...help.
(over phone):
Hey, it's Brynn.
Leave me a message.
Or, you know, just text me
like a normal person.
(phone beeps)
Hey, B. I know you hate
voice mails,
but I just...
I'm kind of spiraling,
and I really need
to talk to someone.
Just someone who really gets me,
you know?
I just need to be at home
with you and my mom
feeding me banana fritters,
you know?
(crackles)
I swear I just charged it.
(gasps)
(tires screech)
(thud)
Oh, my God.
The hell did she go?
(clattering, hissing)
(coughs)
So, you've known these little
dudes for a long time, huh?
Feels like forever.
The Bee Bops came
to me in 1917,
when their village was
destroyed during the war.
Hmm. And you took them in?
Well, they needed a home,
and I needed a band.
Really?
That's the only reason
you let them live with you?
Fine.
They are ridiculously adorable.
(both laugh)
Iron Maiden my ass.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm softer than
a baby Zamba Zaraa,
but don't you dare tell anyone.
I have a reputation to uphold.
Okay, this is amazing.
Wait until you look inside.
Oh, God,
you need to see this.
CHLOE:
OM-frigging-G,
you guys.
I feel like I'm on a TV show.
(laughs)
CSI: Magical Victims Unit.
(exhales rhythmically)
(sighs)
I'm-a guess I shouldn't ask
why Kaela and Mel didn't show.
Yup.
All right, well,
if you want to
talk about it...
I...
(clears throat)
Here we go.
"Praeterita alii vide."
The Flip-side Spell.
This will show me
Daphne's most powerful memories,
exactly how she saw them.
So, you think this will show
how she was radicalized.
And what the Unseen are doing
with The Book of Shadows.
I think they're planning
something big.
(Chloe gasps)
Is that, like,
a sacred, magical lasso
that's been passed down
by generations
of witches?
Nope. It's, uh,
it's just a rope.
Oh. (chuckles)
MAGGIE:
With memories this powerful,
it's possible to get stuck
in the spell.
For how long?
Forever.
(gasps) Jeepers.
I'll be fine.
Just hold on tight
and pull me up
when I tell you to.
And if we run into any trouble,
we can use these to communicate.
(scoffs)
Kind of afraid to ask
where you got 'em.
Uh, let's just say,
Ray has a "friend" in the CIA.
(laughs)
Oh, Chloe.
I need something
that belonged to your sister.
Right.
Right! Oh, okay, um...
Okay.
Let me think of something,
and... (chuckles)
Think of something.
Not that.
(mutters)
(objects clatter)
Oh! Found it. (chuckles)
It's her favorite shade
of lip gloss.
Rainbow Sparkle.
Oh. (chuckles)
Should be interesting.
Radiator, water pump, starter,
electrical, all good.
It should be starting.
(sighs)
Where the hell are my tools?
(vehicle approaching)
(horn honks)
(engine stops)
(door closes)
You call a mechanic?
Weren't-weren't you
just standing
in the middle of the road,
like, three minutes ago
in a dress?
Hmm, nope. Wasn't me.
So, what's up with your bus?
Which is dope,
I might add.
Reminds me of this groovy
tie-dye bus I used to
drive around to all the national
parks way back when.
Called her Suzie Q.
(chuckles)
Wait,
what were we talking about?
I don't know.
Um, so, who-who even called you?
Would you believe me
if I said... fate?
Ishani.
The first Charmed Ones:
Ishta, Inara, Ishani.
You're one of
the original Charmed Ones.
Busted.
(gasps)
ROXIE:
I just don't get it.
Why would anyone want
to kill a Bee Bop?
We'll figure it out.
Someone got out of
that dollhouse alive.
They'll have answers.
I'm just so glad that
Maggie isn't here to see this.
I borrowed her pants,
and she will kill me
if she knew I was getting
bar floor all over them.
Everything okay with you two?
She seemed pretty upset
earlier.
Honestly, I don't know.
This whole year has been
so hard on her,
on all of us, but we can't
keep making the same mistakes.
And I just wish she understood
that I wasn't abandoning her
by being here with you.
(grunts)
Thank you, by the way.
It means a lot
having you here... today.
Especially because of everything
you have on your plate.
Rox, I'm exactly
where I want to be.
(sighs)
Well,
whoever escaped that house
must be hiding
in this crack in the wall.
So, what do we do?
Drink Me Potion.
Oh, God.
(scoffs)
It makes you whatever
size you need to be.
Yeah, I know what it does.
Hence the condescending voice.
I know what you're gonna
say, and I promise you,
this isn't going to be like
my cockamamie 1920s plan.
You can trust me.
That is exactly what you said
before
your cockamamie 1920s plan.
Just think about the
exact size you want to be,
and the potion
will get you there.
And then all we need to
do is take another drop,
and we go back to normal.
(both exhale)
(high-pitched): Is it
supposed to feel like this?
Oh, that is so your color.
(chuckles)
Okay.
Praeterita alii vide.
(gasps)
(wind whistling)
CHLOE:
Oh. (chuckles, gasps)
Oh.
So,
is Daphne, um...
down there?
No, not the real Daphne.
I'll just be watching
one of her memories,
trying to figure out
where she went
and how she's connected
to the Lost One.
Remember,
don't let go.
That rope is my
only way out.
I would never.
Um...
Uh, when I get back,
we should talk.
About?
Us.
(exhales)
(gasps)
DAPHNE:
Annie.
Annie, I can't do this anymore.
I can't keep waking
up every single day
not hearing your laugh.
(wind gusts)
(Annie laughs)
Annie!
(gasps)
Oh, my God.
How are you... How is this...
You're-you're
supposed to be dead.
I am, Daph.
But I don't have to be.
Not for long.
(sighs)
How are you even alive?
Aren't you, like,
10,000 years old?
Would you believe me
if I said...
yoga?
Ugh. You know what?
No. Forget it.
I'm so tired of all of this.
No, Michaela.
Wait. You can't leave.
If you do, it'll be
just like the Day of the Fall.
The day of the what?
You can't walk away
from your destiny.
(chuckles)
My destiny.
This is not my destiny.
And Mel and Maggie
aren't my real sisters.
Well, guess what. We weren't
sisters by blood either.
Ishta, Inara and I, we
chose to join each other.
That wasn't
in my history lesson.
Do you like banana fritters?
What?
Come! Sit.
Everything's better with food.
(breathes deeply)
Dude, seriously.
You got to try these.
They do smell amazing.
(chuckles)
Okay.
These taste just like my mom's.
It's funny.
The American doughnut
gets all the buzz,
but Ghanaian fritters
are where it's at.
(laughs)
Mmm. You're wild.
You say that now. Just wait
till the drugs kick in.
The what?
I'm gonna say this fast
because you only have,
like, 11 seconds.
But something terrible
is coming, and it can't
be stopped without you.
Only I know
how stubborn you are,
so instead of telling you,
I figured I'd just show you.
Are you for real right now?
It'll be fun!
Just like a road trip.
Without roads.
Fine.
But when we get back,
we're gonna have
a very serious chat
about consent.
How are you even here?
With the Lost One,
anything is possible.
I don't understand.
Long ago, the nine
original tribes of magic
came together
to forge the ultimate power.
Lamias, trolls,
leprechauns,
pixies.
(chuckles)
Now the nine
are coming together again
to raise the Lost One.
And you've been chosen
to join them.
Why me?
Because you're special, Daph.
And you're hurting.
The Lost One
can bring me back,
and you and me, Chloe,
we can finally have
the life
we were always meant to have.
Where do you need me to go?
Just south of Baghdad
to the Akahtu Mines.
Other Unseen creatures have
been there for weeks, digging.
Now they're finally ready
for you.
They found the Lost One's tomb.
(demonic voice):
You're not supposed to be here!
Who are you talking to?
Flip-side Spell, eh?
Nice try, Charmed One.
Good luck getting
out of here now.
(giggles)
Hello?
Anyone here?
Mel?
Roxie?
(Roxie and Mel grunting)
(inhales, groans)
Lloyd?
Roxie?
(grunts)
Oh!
How are you...? Why...?
Drink Me Potion.
This is what you get
for dating a witch.
So, what the hell happened?
You know Pip's dead, right?
I-I don't know.
It was all s-such a blur.
Did you see who did it?
Roxie?
Look out!
How could you do this, Rox?
Sleeping with the enemy?
Roxie, he's one of them.
Lloyd, she's not the enemy.
That's exactly what Pip said.
Before I killed her.
MEL:
He's trying to grow.
(grunts)
(thud)
Now, where did you come from?
Jordan, can you hear me?
JORDAN:
I'm coming down to help you.
No, no, no.
No, you'll just get
stuck down here, too.
It's fine. We got this.
At least we'll be together.
Jordan, you have to stop.
Give me a minute.
I'll be right there.
Please, Jordan. Just...
Just listen to me.
You have to stop
risking everything for me.
What?
And I have to stop
running to you anytime
something goes wrong in my life.
This isn't a healthy foundation
for a relationship.
But how will you...
(breathing heavily)
I mean...
You're all alone down there.
(voice breaking):
I'm gonna figure it out.
And then we'll
figure us out.
Hey, Jordan, I need
to talk to Chloe.
Hey, Chloe?
Oh!
How do you make
your wings come out?
Um...
That's kind of a private matter.
No, I mean...
If the Lost One
was strong enough
to interact with me in a spell,
maybe I can interact with
Daphne and borrow her power.
And with wings, maybe I could...
maybe I could fly out of here.
Oh, why didn't you
just say that?
You just close your eyes,
think of happy thoughts,
and imagine you're floating.
That's it?
Mm-hmm.
Easy peasy mac and cheesy.
(exhales)
(chuckles softly)
(laughter)
Jeepers.
Reveni.
You got talent, kid.
What is all this?
It's our story.
In a language
I figured you'd understand best.
Huh.
Is that the Conqueror?
ISHANI:
After he tried
to steal all the world's magic
for himself,
an ultimate weapon was needed
to fight back.
So the nine original tribes
came together and gave up
their remaining power.
Into the Unity Bowl.
ISHANI:
That's right.
It was
their collective magic
that created
the Power of Three.
And knowing only a trio
of witches would be
strong enough
to hold all that power,
they asked us
to drink of the bowl,
making us
the first Charmed Ones.
After we defeated him,
the three of us
no longer had
a shared purpose.
We had chosen
to be Charmed Ones,
but we had never chosen
to be sisters.
So when the battle was over,
we drifted apart.
Sounds familiar.
That's when Inara
wanted to release
the Conqueror's stolen power
back out into the world.
To put magic everywhere.
But Ishta and I knew
it was too risky.
The temptation
would always be there
for another Conqueror
to rise up.
That's why
we put it all
in one place and hid it away,
where no one
would find it.
KAELA:
Into the Source.
You know your stuff.
I had a good teacher.
ISHANI:
Anyway,
the argument tore us apart.
Inara grew to hate us.
She wanted to take on
all that power
and fix things
as a "benign" Conqueror.
But we knew
where that would lead.
So Ishta and I made the
hardest decision of our lives.
What?
We sealed her up in a tomb
in the Akhatu Mines,
where she wouldn't be a
threat to us or the world.
You buried her? Alive?
We thought we had no choice.
But the magic that
empowered us, it punished us
for destroying the sisterhood.
Ishta was bound to the Tree
to serve as Guardian
to future Charmed Ones,
and I was left to
wander the Earth alone
for all eternity.
This original sin,
the Day of the Fall,
it's also why
every sisterhood since
has been doomed to be destroyed.
Even when they are
bound by blood.
But this time I couldn't
watch from the sidelines.
I thought maybe, if I could
somehow get through to you,
she could be stopped.
She?
After spending all that time
alone in a tomb,
Inara's grown even more hateful.
Her dream of sharing magic has
warped into something terrible.
So the Lost One isn't just
some ancient monster, it's...
it's Inara.
And she's going
to get out tonight
unless you and your sisterhood
can stop her.
What happened to your arm?
Oh, it was-- it was
just an accident.
Broken bottle, so...
I-I'm just gonna slip out
and go see a doctor.
No...
(grunts)
I was just about to do that.
Yeah, sure you were, Har.
ROXIE:
What the hell
happened to you?
Why did you kill
your own bandmate?
I did what I had to do
to protect the Lost One.
Not you, too.
It was Sunny who opened my eyes.
Told us
what was coming,
about the new world
we could be a part of.
Where it didn't matter
how small we were.
We'd finally have a voice.
And Pip didn't fall for it,
did she?
That little maggot said
she was going to tell you
about the resurrection ceremony,
so I had to shut her up.
But it was worth it.
We just had to make it
to the Day of the Fall.
The Day of the Fall?
There's nothing you can do
to stop it anyway.
The Lost One found
another way to rise.
But first the Power of Three
had to split apart,
just like in the past.
I need to find Kaela and Maggie
and patch things up.
(grunts)
Go. But promise me
you'll be careful.
No more cockamamie plans.
I promise.
What was that for?
I just, I'm gonna miss you.
I'll see you when I get back.
Are you coming?
Actually, I think there's
somewhere else I need be.
(sighs)
That was close.
Jordan, we can't
keep doing this.
Mags, come on.
Just look at Kaela and Dev.
Look at Harry and Macy.
This life is too dangerous to...
To love each other?
To need each other.
This whole codependent,
"lean on me when the world
goes to hell" thing
we've had since Macy died...
it's not healthy.
And when the fight's over,
what are we gonna have left?
♪ There's nothing left to say ♪
A future.
♪ We're firing off
in different ways ♪
♪ We do this all the time ♪
I'm sorry.
♪ And I'm over and out... ♪
I have to stay focused,
and I can't do that
when I'm constantly
worried about us.
♪ I don't think
it'll hurt me anyway ♪
Fine.
♪ But please don't
get it twisted... ♪
I get it.
♪ Over and out... ♪
If you have to leave
to process this, I understand.
I'm not going anywhere.
Whether or not
we're together...
...I'm still gonna be there
for you, Maggie.
♪ What do you see? ♪
I'm still a Whitelighter.
♪ Seems to be that way ♪
♪ You've burnt the fuse
and run away... ♪
I'm sorry
you had to see that.
♪ And I'm over and out. ♪
(sniffles)
I'm sorry, too.
But, um, my sister?
Right.
Um, that change
that came over
your sister?
It's because she was
talking to Annie.
What?
Not the real Annie.
It was the Lost One
using Annie's body.
Just like the Tallyman did
with his dead brother.
Yeah, turns out
the Tallyman's attacks
weren't entirely random acts
of terrorism.
He was targeting
nine specific groups,
the nine original
tribes of magic.
Ruining their lives so that
they would turn against us.
And, Chloe...
...your sister's one of them.
THE NINE:
Amissam feremus in vitam.
Amissam feremus
in vitam.
Amissam feremus in vitam.
Amissam feremus
in vitam.
(insects chirping)
Why does it have to be me
who stops Inara?
I-I'm just someone
who-who got leukemia
and had a fluke
stem cell donation.
There are no flukes, Michaela.
Not in our line of work.
Macy Vaughn's stem cells went
to five other people,
and none of them
became a Charmed One.
Forces much stronger
and older than I am
chose you for this because
of who you are, deep down.
And now you need
to make a choice.
Are you going to be
their sister or not?
We need a distraction
to get around the guards.
MEL:
I have an idea.
How about a couple sisters
fighting like idiots,
when they really should
be working together?
I'm sorry.
It's just everything's
been piling up with...
with Jordan and my two dads and
the end of the friggin' world.
I shouldn't have
taken it out on you.
It's all right. I'm sorry, too.
Still no Kaela?
Okay.
Then you guys
should go find Daphne.
I'll stay here
and cause a ruckus.
Thanks, sis.
Good luck.
Hey, asshats.
Goddess of gray,
conceal my way.
(indistinct shouting)
(grunting)
(panting)
I thought there were
supposed to be nine.
I offer myself to you,
Lost One, for the
world that was,
and the world
that is yet to come.
Oh, my God.
They're giving up
their lives for this.
Daphne?
Daph?
You can't do this.
Daph... Daph.
Chloe? Y-You're not
supposed to be here.
Neither are you.
No.
I was chosen for this.
You're being lied to.
The Lost One understands
what I'm going through.
So do I, Daph.
What it feels like to be alone
and-and... and powerless.
Hey, I understand. Believe me.
You're a Charmed One. You
wouldn't know the first thing.
Daphne, I lost a sister, too.
And I became something
I'm not proud of
because I didn't want
to feel anymore.
But there are no easy fixes,
and anyone who tells you
there are is lying to you.
No.
Please.
I can't lose you, too.
I'm sorry. It's too late.
No!
Chloe.
You got to get her out of here.
What about you?
She'll be all right.
She's got her sisters.
Come on, Chloe.
Thought we'd never
see you again.
Yeah, lost myself
for a minute there,
but nothing a drugged
fritter couldn't fix.
I-I'll explain later.
(growling)
It's rising, isn't it?
Not it. Her.
Wait, what?
You know that thing you saw,
in your vision, with
Sunny and the cauldron?
It was just an illusion,
what she wanted
the Unseen to think
she looked like.
The Lost One
isn't some
ancient monster.
She's an original Charmed One.
(thunder crashes)
Hello, ladies.
♪ ♪
(dialing)
(line ringing)
MEL (over phone):
Hey, it's Mel.
You know what to do.
(beep)
Hey, Mel.
I should have
told you this sooner, but...
...you were wrong.
When you said that you're hard
to be with, you're not.
(grunts softly)
All right, I'll, uh...
...see you around.
(cries softly)
(echoing click)
DIANA:
Tell me you found a way
to get me out of here.
Not exactly.
Then why'd you come back?
You said something about
the Day of the Fall.
Where did you hear that?
I told you, the tapes.
Which one? You need to show me.
I'm not showing you anything
until you help
get me out of here.
You may not care
about this world, but I do.
Now show me what you've seen,
or I won't even consider
helping you.
Fine.
But you're not gonna like it.
It's on
one of these.
I just don't know
which one.
MEL:
If you really are one of us,
why would you do all of this?
Kill people,
ruin our reputation?
I needed followers.
And fear brings people together
much more easily than love.
Don't waste your time
with her, Mel.
If she wants a fight,
we'll give her one.
Oh, I have no intention
of fighting any of you.
You don't?
(laughs)
If I wanted you dead,
I would have had
that ridiculous Tallyman do it.
I didn't go to all these
lengths to start a war.
I did it to end one.
For thousands of years, I've
seen trios like you come and go.
Sure, you'd settle little
conflicts here and there,
vanquish the occasional
rogue demon,
but you were always just
treating the symptoms.
I want to cure the disease.
Which is?
A fundamental
imbalance of power.
Your sister said
you tried to take
the Source's power for yourself.
She is not my sister!
We were just three
witches who did a job
together once.
They mean nothing to me.
What about those nine innocent
creatures you just killed?
Do they mean
anything to you?
They gave of themselves
willingly.
You manipulated them.
Enough!
Maggie!
(grunts)
Power of Three.
Okay.
Why isn't it working?
(exhales)
(cackles)
(panting)
There can only be
one true power.
And by redoing
the ceremony
that created it all
those years ago,
that power is right back
where it belongs.
Screw this.
See you in paradise.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org